Space_colony features

--

Homekeeping (LIST):
Split files into their parts:
    - Automator
     (many others)
Maybe remove the Option from the planet from planet_stickers, meaningless and verbose imo.
--

Fix being able to put houses on the ocean

--

Fix radial vs absolute distances:
Most gameplay distance measurements should be absolute rather than radial.
Plan A: Look through most of difference/distance measurements and replace them with their arc_ equivalents

--

Fix collisions near zero:
Collisions check fail when near zero because of position comparison:
Plan A:
Implement a "is_in_between" method that works for edge cases and use that for collision.

--

Black and white adjustments:
There should be a way to easily adjust the white and black tints.
Plan A:
Make every asset as pure black, then a screen sized shader swaps out the colors.

--

Building menu & cost:
Buildings should be part of a clickable UI, & should have a required resource cost.

Plan A:
Tab Slides a UI Panel from the left with a list of buildings. Each building has an icon, a name, a short description and a cost with icons. All of the information are encased in a cube.
Clicking on the cube sets the ghost to the correct building.
There should be a way to get a building's information (cost, range, exploited_resource, etc...) by just it's type.

--

Villagers spawn on top of other villagers:
Villagers should spawn on top of another villager as to not get stuck
Plan A:
Find first villager on main planet and spawn them there
--
Automatic planet generation:
Planets should generate randomly for each playthrough, placing landmarks like oceans (and maybe biomes in the future) automatically a.
Plan A:
Generate number of wanted waters
For each water:
    Generate size (range);
    Generate position (whole planet);
    if position overlaps with other water retry water;
--

Destroying Buildings:
The player should be able to destroy buildings he created.

Plan A:
Create a delete shortcut that turns the next click into a delete.
Send a delete occupable event and handle the stuff.

--
Water activities:
The player should be able to create ports on the ends of oceans in order to go on the water.
A port on each side allows the villager to cross.
Fish spawn automatically, and villagers assigned to the port go out to fish.
Plan A:
Add port building, that when placed, check if it is at the edge of the water to be valid
The water has 2 fields for port entities Some(Entity) that then dictate what a villager can do.
The fish are an occupable like any other, that just renders lower.
Ports allow for auto fishing.
When a villager "walks" on water, they get a sprite with them rowing a boat
When a villager fishes, they are pictured fishing.
Requires rewriting part of the can_walk logic so that walking on the ocean is allowed under certain port conditions.
--
Putting the space in space_colony:
The player should be able to extend their colony to other planets with rocketships.
Plan A:
For now keep it simple, shared resources, choose where villagers spawn when you get a new one if you have two planets
The player needs to first build a space port, then assign villagers that will use resources to advance a progress bar.
When it is complete, send a villager to a selected new planet.
The spaceport remains but you need more materials to make a new rocket.

SPECULATION / WILD IDEAS

Biomes:
The planets should have varying biomes that offer varying resources (and perhaps challenges).
Biomes are determined on planet generation.
Plan A:

New villager work system for automators:

Occupable Component:
- selected: bool
- workers_nb: u32
- max_workers: u32
- work_type: OccupableType
Is used by the counters to know what to display.
The counters send occupancy changes through events that hold the Entity and the changes

Automator:
- exploited_resource_type: ResourceType
- range: f32

Resource:
- resource_type: ResourceType

VillagerWorking:
pub current_occupable: Entity,
pub work_type: WorkType (the different)
pub production_interval: f32,